nRF Desktop Failsafe module: migration to the Zephyr HWinfo driver and activation on the nRF54H20 DK (#19142)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Updated:

>   * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_failsafe` to use the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:hwinfo_api` driver for getting and clearing the reset reason information (see the :c:func:`hwinfo_get_reset_cause` and :c:func:`hwinfo_clear_reset_cause` function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_failsafe` to use the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:hwinfo_api` driver for getting and clearing the reset reason information (see the :c:func:`hwinfo_get_reset_cause` and :c:func:`hwinfo_clear_reset_cause` functions).
```

>     The Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:hwinfo_api` driver replaces the nrfx reset reason helper depedency (see the :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_get` and :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_clear` function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:hwinfo_api` driver replaces the nrfx reset reason helper dependency (see the :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_get` and :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_clear` functions).
```
